I'm Sure I Wrote It Down Somewhere.../---------------------------------------
Look, there's nothing up my sleeves..
If I select to open a file to write to it but that file doesn't exist, python will...
Raise an error
Open the first file it finds in C:
Create the file for me and open it
Display the spinning circle as it tries to find the file
3
Python will automatically create the file for us if we try and open a /file for writing that doesn't already exist.
I just look at the pictures really
Which of the following lines of code would we use to read the next line /from a file object 'test_file'?
test_file.readline()
test_file.read(2)
test_file.read()
test_file.readlines()
1
'readline' is the command to read just the next line in the file from /the current cursor position. 'read()' will read all of the file contents as /they are written and 'readlines()' reads all remaining lines as list items.   
Which button is it?
Which of the following is not a valid mode to use to open a file with?
ab
rw
r+
w+
2
We can use r+, w+ or ab to perform both read and write operations using /a single file object.
Do I get a salad with that?
What happens when you pickle something in python?
You get a jar of beetroot, onions, that type of stuff...
Python goes into an infinite loop you can't get out of
You serialise an object ready to save to disk
Python creates a temporary copy of the object
3
Pickling is the process of serialising an object  before writing it to /file. Pickling is a way to convert a python object (list, dict, etc.) /into a character stream that contains all the information necessary to /reconstruct the object in another python script. 
And there's still nothing up my sleeves...
If I select to open a file to read from it but that file doesn't exist, python will...
Create the file for me and open it with no contents
Raise an error
Open the first file it finds in C:
Display the spinning circle as it tries to find the file
2
Python cannot read from a file that does not exist so it will raise /a 'FileNotFoundError'.
Mobius file - where content become a loop
Which of the following would move the cursor back to the start of the file?
file.seek(0,0)
file.seek()
file.seek(1,1)
file.seek(start)
1
0,0 is the position for the very start of the file - remember that lots of /things in python start from zero rather than one
Why don't you just ask for directions?
Which of the following would give you the current cursor position within /a file?
file.seek()
file.location()
file.position()
file.tell()
4
It gives the current position as an offset from the start of file (see /what they did there, it 'tells' you where you are in the file!)